http://www.chess.com/,,Instart Logic,whois
http://www.chess.com/,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://betacssjs.chesscomfiles.com,,Instart Logic,whois
http://betacssjs.chesscomfiles.com,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://images.chesscomfiles.com,,Instart Logic,whois
http://images.chesscomfiles.com,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.chess.com,,Instart Logic,whois
http://www.chess.com,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.chess.com/storeLink(),,Instart Logic,whois
http://www.chess.com/storeLink(),chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.chess.com/,,Instart Logic,whois
http://www.chess.com/,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/register,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/register,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/learn-how-to-play-chess,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/learn-how-to-play-chess,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/play-chess-online,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/play-chess-online,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/play/computer,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/play/computer,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/play/apps,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/play/apps,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/tactics,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/tactics,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
https://www.chess.com/play,,Instart Logic,whois
https://www.chess.com/play,chess.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
