http://www.kongregate.com/,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://cdn1.kongcdn.com,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://cdn1.kongcdn.com,cdn1.kongcdn.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://cdn3.kongcdn.com,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://cdn3.kongcdn.com,cdn3.kongcdn.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://cdn4.kongcdn.com,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://cdn4.kongcdn.com,cdn4.kongcdn.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://cdn2.kongcdn.com,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://cdn2.kongcdn.com,cdn2.kongcdn.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://platform.twitter.com,,Twitter,whois
http://www.kongregate.com/,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/my_playlist,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/my_playlist,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/favorites,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/favorites,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/friends,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/friends,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/messages,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/messages,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/edit,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/accounts/Guest/edit,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/games,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/games,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
http://www.kongregate.com/top-rated-games,a-sl014.insnw.net,Instart Logic,revdns
http://www.kongregate.com/top-rated-games,www.kongregate.com.inscname.net.,Instart Logic,cname
